\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename metabash.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle Metabash Reference Manual
@c %**end of header
@include version.texi

@copying
This manual documents Metabash version @value{VERSION}.

Copyright (C) 2020 Artyom V. Poptsov

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License.''
@end copying

@dircategory The Algorithmic Language Scheme

@direntry
* Metabash: (metabash).  Guile module for working with distributed pipelines.
@end direntry

@setchapternewpage odd

@titlepage
@sp 10

@title Metabash Reference Manual
@subtitle For Metabash @value{VERSION}

@author Artyom V. Poptsov

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@finalout
@headings double

@ifnottex
@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)
@top The Guile-DSV Reference Manual

@insertcopying
@sp 1
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::

Appendices

* GNU Free Documentation License::  The license of this manual.

@end menu

@contents

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

Metabash (or ``M#!'' for short) GNU Guile module for running
distributed shell pipelines. ``what are distributed shell pipelines?''
you may ask. Well the idea is that we can implement some sort of Unix
pipeline that is spanned across multiple hosts over a network.

Using such pipeline you can run a command on one host and then pass
the output to a command that is run on another.

Metabash is a research project of mine that was born as a
@url{https://github.com/artyom-poptsov/guile-ssh, Guile-SSH} spinoff.

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License

@include fdl.texi

@bye
